[AV-68634] Capella Dev Tutorial - Add Course Records and Other Docs (#322)
couchbaselabs/docs-devex: modules/tutorials/pages/java-tutorial/tutorial-troubleshooting.adoc

**Authentication error**

If you get an authentication error when running Maven commands in your console, confirm that the username and password in your Java file matches the username and password you used when setting up the Capella Operational cluster in your browser.

If they do not match, you can edit the Java file to add the correct username or password and try compiling and running the Maven command again.

// **IP address error**

> // If you get a `DnsSrvLookupFailedEvent` error to specify your IP address in your console, go to your Java file and replace `localhost` with the IP address of your local Couchbase cluster in your browser. 

Author: Commented out this error since it didn't seem relevant to Capella. Let me know if you think we should keep it.

Reviewer: Yeah, I agree, doesn't seem relevant to Capella. Rather than deleting it though, I would update to say something like:

```suggestion
If you get an `UnknownHostException` error in your console, go to your Java file and confirm that the endpoint matches the connection string provided by the Capella Operational cluster.
```

Don't forget to uncomment the title and update as appropriate.

> **SLF4J: Failed to load StaticLoggerBinder**

Author: Encountered this error while trying out the tutorial code samples. Can remove it if it is irrelevant.

> If you get an `SLF4J: Failed to load class "org.slf4j.impl.StaticLoggerBinder"` error, add the following dependencies to your `pom.xml` file and try compiling and running the Maven command again.

Author: Added this error newly and it is not present in the original server documentation. 
Encountered this error while trying out the code samples in Capella. Can remove it if it seems irrelevant.

Reviewer: No I had the same issue. If you look at #321 you can see I recommended you should updated `pom.xml` to include this dependency by default. You can remove this section from troubleshooting.

Author: Done.
